bozo I am Rochelle Goyle daughter of the
gargoyle join me as I get ready for the
greatest show on earth freak du chic a
festival a freaky flaws where I get to
show up my mime and clown skills to help
say the Arts at Monster High
okay guys so I've already prepped and
primed my face with grey face paint and
use grey shadow to create specks on my
skin like a gargoyle or a stone statue
now I'm going to take this bright blue
shade from my Urban Decay electric
palette and place it all over my lid
next I'm going to take the vibrant pink
shadow and place it right over the blue
and underneath my bottom lash line it
reminds me of cotton candy at the circus
mmm
taking a black shadow at an angle brush
I'm going to create a more defined
crease in my eye for more depth and
dimension
then I'm going to take my black liner
from NYX and place it on my upper lash
line creating a cat-like shape and also
on my waterline
time to curl them lashes for some lift
and applying some black mascara I'm
using scandalize from Rimmel London
starting at the base of my lash line and
just wiggling upwards
to really make my eyes pop I need
extravagant long lashes so I'm using
glamour eyes and number 43 applying some
lash glue letting it get tacky placing
as close to the lash line as possible
and letting dry for 20 seconds now for
my bottom lashes I really want to create
some dramatic clown lashes so I'm using
Aurora eyeliner with a very thin tip for
detailing and drawing them in one by one
I'm also adding these little dots at the
end kind of like a jesters hat and once
I get them to the thickness I want I'm
going to add self-adhesive gems you
could get at the craft store and place
them right over the dots I just created
and finally for the lips I'm using my
hot pink lipstick from NYX Cosmetics and
a lipstick brush to help shape the lips
over extending and exaggerating just a
bit and slightly curving it upwards for
that clown like smile and there is your
freak du chic circus clown mime look I
hope you guys enjoyed it I was inspired
by the monster hi Rochelle Goyle doll
and had a blast bringing her to life and
make sure to give a thumbs up for more
freaky fabulous Monster High looks love
you guys and remember your beautiful
baby so shine like a star mmm